# Client Meeting 15 February 2023

## Attendees
- Dr. Barb Marcolin
- Prof. Gema Rodriguez-Perez
- Mitch Hussack
- Sydney Fang
- Anshul Dhariwal
- Paul Gray
- Group A
- Group B

## Agenda
- Discuss progress and ask questions
- Outline and establish minimum page requirements and functionality

## General Meeting Notes
### Project Requirements
- Discussion board (low priority) is below sharing section of Sharing page
- User can set up who his data is shared with in Sharing page (food category, roles, organizations, public)
- Sharing page has specific consent to who sees data, discussion board is general internal or public discussion
- Option to join existing or create new organization

## Team Progress
- Created logs of agendas and meetings in GitHub repository
- Continued to work on web pages and back-end implementation

## Action Items
- TA peer testing/demo on Feb. 17th
- Group will focus on connecting to backend and sharing page